[Music]
can you make someone fall in love with
you science says yes love is a beautiful
feeling that we hope everyone will
experience at least once in their
lifetime but can you control it are
there any psychological tricks that can
make your crush fall in love with you
for real of course there are so sit back
make yourself a cup of tea and listen up
we're about to spill some killer secrets
on how to turn minimal feelings into
deep love but before we go into all the
details don't forget to subscribe to our
Channel and turn on notifications now
you won't miss a thing number eight
don't order ice cream on the first date
what why not ice cream is my favorite
however there is a reason behind the
seemingly weird tip there's a great
social psychologist named John Bargh at
Yale University and he studies the role
of unconscious processing on social
behavior some of his studies show an
interesting connection between the body
temperature of a person and their
psychological state as it turns out when
we're physically warm we are more likely
to be nice and friendly to other people
you can use this new knowledge to your
advantage for example on the first date
when it's especially important to gain a
person's trust try to choose warm places
food and drinks so that every meeting
you have goes well whether it's all
romance or all business number seven
know the advantages of extended eye
contact prolonged eye contact is the
epitome of romantic tension and science
confirms its miraculous effects Harvard
psychologists dick Rubin conducted a
study called measurement of romantic
love in an attempt to understand if it's
possible to measure love he found the
answer in the eyes more specifically it
was in the frequency with which people
looked at each other and the duration of
each glance according to his study
couples who are deeply in love look at
each other 75
percent of the time during a
conversation and they stopped looking at
each other reluctantly to put this in
perspective in a normal conversation
people look at each other between thirty
and sixty percent of the time however
the good news is that looking into
someone's eyes may not only be a
consequence of being in love but the
reason for it as well when you
frequently look at someone for a long
time you trick the person's mind because
it remembers what the love look is as a
result it makes the person think
romantically about you the nervous
system starts producing phenylethylamine
which causes the sensations we get when
we fall in love butterflies in our tummy
an increased heart rate and warm palms
how could anyone resist so don't be
afraid to make eye contact with your
crush more often
who knows maybe it will lay the
foundation for your future relationship
number five don't do anything let them
do something for you
sometimes the best decision is not to do
anything and just let it be when we do a
good deed or help someone we feel good
we are happy with ourselves and have
very warm emotions for the person we
helped when we justify our effort we
idealize the person we were so generous
to and convinced ourselves that they
deserve this treatment as a result we
have an emotional anchor and start
liking the person even more on the other
hand when someone does something for us
we like it too right but it's about
different emotions and not all of them
are very positive
we mostly feel like we owe that person
and need to pay them back and these
aren't just our thoughts there an actual
psychological phenomenon called the Ben
Franklin effect so a temporary
standstill can be a pretty good strategy
just choose your moments wisely number
four make up a secret language for just
the two of you having something that
nobody else besides the pair of you
knows or understands will bring you
closer than you think
it can be an inside joke special words
or unique gestures maybe you like the
same movie comedy show song band
hook or even a mean little private jokes
can appear spontaneously during your
first date a conversation a walk
together or even a meeting be sure to
pay attention to them and help them
progress you see when you find and use
these phrases in your everyday
conversations you take your relationship
to a whole new level making it stronger
and more intimate scientists from Texas
University also back this up with their
study on couple's personal idioms saying
that the expressions and gestures
couples share can help define the norms
of their relationship just what you need
number three the size of the pupils
matters it's a well-known fact that when
you look at somebody you like your
pupils get bigger surprisingly this can
attract your crush too in a study from
the 60s and 70s scientists research the
connection between the size of the pupil
and the attractiveness of a person they
showed men two photos of the same woman
the photos were identical except for one
little detail in one of the photos the
woman's bugles were bigger as a result
the men liked the edited photo more even
though nobody noticed the difference in
the eyes a good point but how can you
put this into practice it's not like we
can control the size of our pupils true
you can't but you can make the
conditions right dim the lights use
candles instead of regular lights or go
to a restaurant famous for its relaxing
atmosphere this way it'll work the way
you need it to number to be near them
often but then make them miss you in our
dreams we can all find someone we like
tell them about our feelings and live
together happily ever after in the real
world however things are not that easy
and that's why people need to come up
with special tactics from time to time
of course it's important to spend time
together when the feeling is mutual but
if you've already gone on several dates
it's better to take a little break
there's a great in-depth article by
Jonassen & lee call
playing hard-to-get manipulating one's
perceived availability as a mate it's
based on a few studies the authors
conducted the results revealed that
taking a small pause to make a deficit
of your presence in the other person's
life is a great idea you can achieve
several crucial things with this move
first of all if you're already in a
relationship playing hard-to-get every
so often can breathe new life into your
love life if you are not in a
relationship this approach allows the
person to understand how nice and
important you are to them after all
limited and rare things are always more
desirable right and you get your dose of
benefits too giving yourself time to
take control of your own emotions and
think clearly
so it's a win-win either way number one
make a positive Association believe it
or not you can easily program someone
else's brain by repeating the same
thoughts over and over again this is why
it's so important to choose words
carefully when communicating with people
who are very important to you the goal
is to apply this principle every time
you need to improve your image the
better you are at presenting yourself
the more positive thoughts you will
leave in a person's mind even when
you're not around you never get a second
chance to make a first impression right
try to be the best version of yourself
every single day not just when you need
someone's who like you and those are all
the little tricks you need to know to
turn a small feeling into a serious
relationship however don't forget that
it's not the end of the world if someone
doesn't share your feelings it only
means that your soulmate is still out
there
and once you meet them you won't need
any tricks to make them fall in love
with you do you have any cool tricks of
your own for how to make someone fall in
love with you share them with us in the
comments below and don't forget to give
us a like and click subscribe to stay on
the bright side of life
you